Announcements - Week 33 (#403)
giantswarm/releases: announcements/2020-Week-33/apps.md

> # :zap: This Week in Non-Platform Releases (August 14, 2020):zap:

Reviewer: @giantswarm/sig-product and maybe @stone-z :D

We're sending non-provider release notes (Optional Apps, Web Interface, Control Plane), etc. as a separate file and announcements. This reduce noise and duplicate content in release announcements. Not sure if you have better ideas on what to call this aside from "Non-Platform" 
* Other Releases?
* Non-Provider Releases?
* Provider Independent?

> # :zap: This Week in Non-Platform Releases (August 14, 2020):zap:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# :zap: This Week in Provider-Independent Releases (August 14, 2020):zap:
```

**Optional Apps Releases**
(Can be installed from App Catalogs)

1. [NGINX IC v1.9.0](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#190---2020-08-13) adds support for Ingress resources validating webhook.

2. [NGINX IC v1.9.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#191---2020-08-14) configures explicit helm hook weights to make validating webhook resource management reliable.

(Note: NGINX is Optional and not Pre-Installed as of AWS 10+, Azure 12+, and KVM 12.2+ platform releases.)

> 3. [Strimzi Kafka Operator](https://github.com/giantswarm/strimzi-kafka-operator-app) is now available as a Playground Catalog app and can be used to test and play with Kafka app on tenant clusters.

Reviewer: @sslavic does this look fine to you?

2. [NGINX IC v1.9.1](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#191---2020-08-14) configures explicit helm hook weights to make validating webhook resource management reliable.

(Note: NGINX is Optional and not Pre-Installed as of AWS 10+, Azure 12+, and KVM 12.2+ platform releases.)

> 3. [Strimzi Kafka Operator](https://github.com/giantswarm/strimzi-kafka-operator-app) is now available as a Playground Catalog app and can be used to test and play with Kafka app on tenant clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
3. [Strimzi Kafka Operator](https://github.com/giantswarm/strimzi-kafka-operator-app) is now available as a Playground Catalog app and can be used to test and play with Apache Kafka clusters.
```
